# Data-Wrangling-Project
Data visualization is a process of finding trends and correlation in our data by representing it pictorially. This report communicates the insights and displays the visualization that was produced from the wrangled data. In this report, three insights were derived, and one visualization was made. The matplot library was imported to be able to help in visualization. The visualization made in this report was to answer the question of which dog type is the most popular. To get this visualization, a histogram was used, labelled “Dog Type Distribution”, on the X axis was the dog names while on the y axis was the frequency/ number/ range of the dogs. The result happened to be that the pupper dog type was the most popular, as it had more numbers of about 200. The insights derived from this wrangled data was;

Top favorite dog types
Top names of dogs that was retweeted.
Top most common name for dogs

The insight for the top favorite dog was derived by using a line of code, grouping the data set by the dog type and using the favorite_count column. The result happened to be that the pupper was the most favourite dog type. The second insight which was names of Dogs that was mostly retweeted was also derived using a line of code, grouping the data set by the dog names. The result happened to be that names of dogs labelled ‘none’ are the most retweeted followed by Harvey, Winston, Ollie, Tycho and Bailey as the top five. The third insight generated was the most common name for dogs. The result happened to be that names of dogs labelled ‘none’ are the most common names of dogs, followed by Lucy, Charlie, Cooper, Oliver, and Tucker as the top five. Kindly note that all data wrangling skills was not put into effect in this data set as the requirements are to only assess and clean at least 8 quality issues and at least 2 tidiness issues in this dataset.
